1. What is the difference between a declaration and a definition
During declaration memory is not allocated, declaration simply gives details of the 
properties of a variable, function or class. Defining something means providing all
the necessary information to create e.g a functio. 
As en example defining a function means providing a fucntion body whereas declaring a
function means simply stating the function name, return type and parameters.


2. How does an include guard prevent multiple definitions
Inlcude guards check weather the upcoming statement have already been defined. If it has been defined
it will skip the code from "ifndef" to "endif" so that the statement will not be defined again. 


3. How can you tell if an error comes from the compiler or the linker? Does a linker error
mean that you have an error in your source code? How do you (typically) fix a linker error?
A linking errror means that the compilation of the source has no errors, but that one or more function(s)
and or libraries that are needed cannot be found. If an error comes from the linked the compiler will
state "undefinded reference...". You fix the linking error by compiling all the .cc files that are
depend on each other/uses each others functions etc. All the compiled files also needs to be linked
together in the command prompt. Compiling AND linking can be done together as one command.


4. Do you have to make any changes to MakefileWithDeps to build your hello world program
Yes! Add "hello" on the right hand side of "PROGS =" and "hello: hello.o"

5. In encode and decode, the type unsigned char is used. Would your code work the same
way if that type is changed to char or signed char?
In the ASCII table the decimal values of chars ranges from 0-127 and since a signed char can take values from -128 to 127 
that means that the encryption would not be able to work the same way as it does on an unsigned char. To make it work
with a signed char we would instead have to subtract a decimal value during encryption and then add the deciman value again 
during decryption. At the moment, with unsigned char, we add a decimal value during encryption and subtract with the 
same decimal value for dectryption. 


6. In the coding problem, reading the file with char ch; while (infile >> ch) ... doesn’t
work. Why?
Since >> skips whitespace.

7. If your program crashes, how can you use the debugger to get a stack trace similar to that
of Exception.printStackTrace() in Java?
Use the backtrace function in gdb.

